Q. If we have a single CPU and have multiple Applications in that system. Then what is the meaning of term " that this P1  process is using x percent of CPU " i.e we can also see in Task Manager where we can easily find a example like this.
So, we have only one CPU and it should be allocate to only one Process and it will be allocate 100% then what is the meaning of CPU utilization here and how we can say that this process is using this percent of CPU.


Q. In microKernel we have I/O management in User Space. So what is the actual meaning of I/O management. If it deals with Hardware,then it should also communicate with Kernel  Space and go through to it. 
So can we say that Kernel space also have some code related to I/O management.


Q. In kernel Mode if any Management get's fail then whole system get's fail. How all this happens and how a single failure in any Management get's failure of whole system.


Q. What is message Passing. Difference between Message passing vs shared memory vs IPC. Implement the message Passing.


Q. What is Contention, Virtualization , hypervisor, Containerization.


Q. What is Difference between Short Term Schedular and Dispatcher.


Q. What is I/O time in scheduling. If a process have Burst Time= 2sec , I/O Time =5sec then its Completion Time Should be 7sec or 2 sec.
What you mean by waiting time also.


Q. What is Blocked Queue , I/O Queue.


Q. What is Medium Term Schedular.


Q. Window OS does not use one Schedular from the these three LTS, STS, MTS. which Schedular is that?


Q. What is Primary Process Table.


Q. What is Degree of Multi-Programming.


Q. What is the relation between CPU register and PCB's register.


Q. A process is executing and have its Entry in Process Table. if the Process get's Terminate then Who will remove its entry from Process Table.   


Q. How many Process does A OS can Creates ?


Q. when a child is executing and parent is waiting for the result of its child, then at what State that Parent Process is? or This Parent Process will be a Zombi Process or Not.